for students occupying college campuses
across the United States the price of
protest can be
high there are the arrests a hundred of
them on Saturday at Northeastern
University in Boston and more than 600
over the past week including two here at
Princeton University talk about cancel
culture I mean this is the cancel
culture to actually shut down any
discussion and really free ranging
discussion of history I mean for many of
these
politicians um history began on October
7th history didn't begin on October 7th
history actually led to October 7th and
this is what students want to
discuss then there is the academic price
at Princeton where counter protesters
look on many students wear masks to
protect their identities but still play
by the University's rules no amplifier
no sleeping and no tents including the
massive tent the university put up for
an upcoming event next to the protest
encampment students are taking some big
risks at these protests if they violate
University rules they can be expelled
and here at Princeton tuition's over
$5,000 a year and for many of them it's
an education they've been looking
forward to all their lives you know that
speaks to how how passionate people are
about it I mean we're willing to put
that on the line and we also know that
we have power in numbers that your
Liberation is bound up with mine
Palestinian activist Linda sarur says
there's an irony in Elite universities
instilling ethical values in students
and then punishing them for exercising
those values they are young people that
you don't even have to agree with but
they live in America in a democracy and
they have every right to freedom of
speech and they are being brutalized by
law enforcement who could be using their
time for something else and in fact the
fact that we are suppressing young
people across this country only further
emboldens them and continues these types
of encampments and work for justice
Palestine that is what appears to be
happening in New Jersey New York and at
dozens of universities from coast to
coast when College presidents call in
police to arrest demonstrators and tear
down protest encampments the students
rebuild the old ones and build new ones
on new campuses John hendin Al jazer
Princeton New
Jersey make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer